In this lesson, we have our own work. It is necessary to create the main menu button,
by clicking on which we will return to the main menu. The button needs to be added to both the pause widget
and the game over widget. That is, you can create one widget in which the button will be located:
click on it and get to the main menu. The name of the menu level will be stored in the GameInstance class.
Let's start solving the task. Let's start by adding a c ++ class for a new widget.
Let's call the class STUGoToMenuWidget.
Click on the create class button.
In the GameInstance class, create a new property that will hold the name of the menu level.
We name it MenuLevelName. The default will also be None.
And create a getter for this property.
Go to the GoToMenu header file for the widget. We need a property for the button.
We name the button GoToMenuButton. Add a forward declaration for the UButton class.
We override the NativeOnInitialized function.
And in the private section, add a function that will be called when this button is pressed.
We call the function OnGoToMenu.
Go to the .cpp file and create a body for each of the functions.
We include all the necessary header files.
In the NativeOnInitialized function, add a callback function to the OnClicked delegate.
In the OnGoToMenu function, a menu level must be opened.
In fact, you and I can copy all the code that is in the menu widget.
Copy the code and paste it into the OnGoToMenu function.
We need to open the menu level, for this we call the GetMenuLevelName function.
Replace the message if you forgot to specify the name of the level menu.
And we will also create our own logging category for this widget.
Let's change the logging category in UE_LOG.
And we have everything ready. We start.
Create a blueprint widget, call it WBP_GoToMenu.
Open asset. We can copy the entire button from any widget.
In the SizeBox, set the size to content to true and change the text to the main menu.
Reparent the blueprint. We specify STUGoToMenuWidget as the parent class
and name the Go To Menu Button.
Add a button to game pause. First, we can wrap the size box in a horizontal box.
Add our widget to a new horizontal box and also add a spacer between these buttons.
For x we ​​indicate the value 50. We
do the same in the game over widget.
Let's check. We start the game.
We press pause. Click main menu. We have an error in editor. We have not specified the name of the menu level in GameInstance.
Actually, an error message should have printed.
We have a copy-paste error. Checking for None requires the name of the menu level. Correcting the moment.
Compile in the editor. We open the log. We start the game. We pause.
Click on the main menu button. The message is now printed. Let's set the name of the level to GameInstance.
MenuLevel
Compile. We check again. We pause and return to the main menu.
On the last screen we have the same widget with a button and of course everything works.